blog(embertimes117): ember octane guides update (#288)
ember-learn/ember-blog: source/2019-09-27-the-ember-times-issue-117.md

---

## [Updates to the Ember Octane Guides 🚀](https://octane-guides-preview.emberjs.com/release/upgrading/editions/#toc_action-on-and-fn)

> [@pzuraq](http://www.github.com/pzuraq) added `@action`, `on`, and `fn` to the [edition guide](https://octane-guides-preview.emberjs.com/release/) as well as updating it to [match the latest changes](https://github.com/ember-learn/guides-source/pull/1062).

Reviewer: What do you think about the following?

```suggestion
[@pzuraq](http://www.github.com/pzuraq) added `@action`, `on`, and `fn` to the [Ember Octane edition guide](https://octane-guides-preview.emberjs.com/release/) and updated it to [match the latest changes to the edition](https://github.com/ember-learn/guides-source/pull/1062).
```
